To break that down a little for you process.argv will usually have length two, the zeroth item being the "node" interpreter and the first being the script that node is currently running, items after that were passed on the command line. Once you've pulled a filename from argv then you can use the filesystem functions to read the file and do whatever you want with its contents. Sample usage would look like this:To break that down a little for you process.argv will usually have length two, the zeroth item being the "node" interpreter and the first being the script that node is currently running, items after that were passed on the command line. Once you've pulled a filename from argv then you can use the filesystem functions to read the file and do whatever you want with its contents. Sample usage would look like this:To break that down a little for you process.argv will usually have length two, the zeroth item being the "node" interpreter and the first being the script that node is currently running, items after that were passed on the command line. Once you've pulled a filename from argv then you can use the filesystem functions to read the file and do whatever you want with its contents. Sample usage would look like this:To break that down a little for you process.argv will usually have length two, the zeroth item being the "node" interpreter and the first being the script that node is currently running, items after that were passed on the command line. Once you've pulled a filename from argv then you can use the filesystem functions to read the file and do whatever you want with its contents. Sample usage would look like this:To break that down a little for you process.argv will usually have length two, the zeroth item being the "node" interpreter and the first being the script that node is currently running, items after that were passed on the command line. Once you've pulled a filename from argv then you can use the filesystem functions to read the file and do whatever you want with its contents. Sample usage would look like this: